Write a Java Program to Print Characters in a String
2. Write a Java program to print ASCII values of String Characters
3.Write a Java program to concat Strings
4. Write a Java program to convert Lowercase to Uppercase
5. Write a Java program to convert Uppercase to Lowercase
6.Write a Java program to count Total Characters in a String
7. Write a Java program to count Total Words in a String 
8.Write a Java programs to count Alphabets Digits & Special Characters in a String
9.Write a Java program to count Vowels and Consonants in a String
10. Write a Java program to count Total Occurrence of Character in a String
11. Write a Java program to find All Occurrences of a Character in a String
12. Write a Java program to find First Character Occurrence in a String
13. Write a Java program to find Last Character Occurrence in a String
14. Write a Java program to Find Maximum Occurring Character in a String
15. Write a Java program to Find Minimum Occurring Character in a String
16. Write a Java program to find Frequency of each Character in a String
17. Write a Java program to check Palindrome String
18.Write a Java program to print First and Last Character in a String
19. Write a Java program to remove All Occurrences of a Character in a String
20.Write a Java program to remove First and Last Character in a String
21.Write a Java program to remove First Character Occurrence in a String
22. Write a Java program to remove Last Character Occurrence in a String
23.Write a Java program To remove all whitespaces from a String
24. Write a Java program to replace First Character Occurrence in a String
25. Write a Replace Last Character Occurrence in a String
26. Write a Reverse Letters in a String
27. Write a java Programs Reverse a String
28. Write a java Programs String Reverse using Recursion
29.Write a java Programs Toggle All Characters in a String
30.Write a java Programs to String Comparison
31.Write a java Programs Sort Strings in Alphabetical Order